# Band Tracker

 #### Created for Epicodus class project, 11/03/17

 #### By **Patrick Napper**

 ## Description

 A program to track bands and the venues where they've played concerts.

  Allow user to create, show all, show single, update and delete Venues.
  Allow a user to create Bands that have played at a Venue.
  A Venue can host many Bands, and a Band can play at many Venues.
  When a user is viewing a single concert venue it will list out all of the bands that have played at that venue so far and allow them to add a band to that venue.
  When a user is viewing a single Band it will list out all of the Venues that have hosted that band and allow them to add a Venue to that Band.

 ## Specifications

 * 1. User enters nothing. Check to see that database is empty.
  Sample Input: nothing
  Sample Output: nothing

 * 2. User inputs a band name twice. Checks to see that the override is working if names are same.

  Sample Input: "Depeche Mode" and "Depeche Mode"
  Sample Output: True.

 * 3. User inputs a band name. Tests to see if band name is saving to the database.

  Sample Input: "Depeche Mode"
  Sample Output: "Depeche Mode"

 * 4. User inputs a new band name and a band id is generated by the database.

  Sample Input: "Depeche Mode"
  Sample Output: 1

 * 5. Tests to see if band can be found by id in database.

   Sample Input: 1
   Sample Output: "Depeche Mode"

 * 6. User inputs a venue name twice. Checks to see that the override is working if names are same.

  Sample Input: "Key Arena" and "Key Arena"
  Sample Output: True.

 * 7. User inputs a venue name. Tests to see if venue name is saving to the database.

  Sample Input: "Key Arena"
  Sample Output: "Key Arena"

 * 8. User inputs a new venue name and a venue id is generated by the database.

  Sample Input: "Key Arena"
  Sample Output: 2

 * 9. Tests to see if venue can be found by id in database.

   Sample Input: 2
   Sample Output: "Key Arena"

 * 10. User wants to change a venue name.

 Sample Input: "Key Arena"
 Sample Output: "Paramount Theater"

 ## GitHub Link: https://github.com/pnapper/band-tracker.git

 ## Setup

 * _Clone this repository_
 In SQLCMD:
  CREATE DATABASE band_tracker;
  GO USE band_tracker;
  GO CREATE TABLE bands (id serial PRIMARY KEY, name VARCHAR(255));
  CREATE TABLE venues (id serial PRIMARY KEY, name VARCHAR(255));
 Open App in any browser;
 Enjoy!;

 ## Technologies Used

 MAMP
 phpMyAdmin
 MVC
 Razor
 HTML


 Copyright (c) 2017 **_Patrick Napper Inc._**

 This software is licensed under the MIT license.
